Update README.md (#10648)
ollama/ollama: README.md

- [Ollama-chats RPG](https://github.com/drazdra/ollama-chats)
- [IntelliBar](https://intellibar.app/) (AI-powered assistant for macOS)
- [Jirapt](https://github.com/AliAhmedNada/jirapt) (Jira Integration to generate issues, tasks, epics)

> - [ojira](https://github.com/AliAhmedNada/ojira) (Jira chrome plugin to easily generate description for tasks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ojira](https://github.com/AliAhmedNada/ojira) (Jira chrome plugin to easily generate descriptions for tasks)
```

> - [ojira](https://github.com/AliAhmedNada/ojira) (Jira chrome plugin  easily regenerate description for tasks in user friendly manner and insert it directly to jira task)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ojira](https://github.com/AliAhmedNada/ojira) (Jira chrome plugin to easily generate description for tasks)
```
